THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1905.
WARSAW IN PANIC.

THE TSAR AND POLAND. JEWS ARMING

St. Petersburg, November 13.

An official communique declares that the Government  will no longer tolerate the agitation in Poland, which its stigmatises as an impudent movement aiming at independence, and therefore, as long as the troubles continue, and the people are influenced by agitators, Poland will receive none of the benefits conferred by the Tsar’s manifesto of the 18th August and that of 30th October. It is for this reason, also, that martial law was proclaimed.

M. Durnovo, assistant Minister of the Interior, is appointed Minister.

The Governor of Kronstadt has resigned.

(Reuter)

Warsaw, November 13.

Yesterday evening a patrol fired a volley into a group of Jews without provocation. Eight were severely wounded.	(Reuter)

Warsaw, November 13.

The proclamation of martial law has exasperated the Poles, and the city is in panic. The houses are barricaded and the Jews are arming. The strike causes acute distress. The populace is tearing down fences for fuel and robbing peasants coming in to the market, (R.)

MEETINGS OF PROTEST.

London, November 13.

Meetings to protest against the Jewish atrocities have been held, not only here, but also in Australia, America, and South Africa.

(Reuter,

NEW JAPANESE LOAN.

TO PE ISSUED IMMEDIATELY.

London, November 13.

Reuter’s Agency learns that Japan has decided to issue a loan of £50,000,000 at 4 per cent immediately, probably even this month. Half will be applied to the conversion of external loans. A large share will be taken at Paris.	(Reuter)

TOGO TO VISIT ENGLAND.

PROBABLY IN MARCH.

London, November 13.

The "Daily Telegraph” is informed that it has been definitely decided that Admiral Togo, with a Japanese squadron, will visit England, probably in March.	(Reuter)

DENMARK'S CROWN. PLEBISCITE FAVORS PRINCE CHARLES

Christiania, November 13.

The plebiscite returns show the certainty of an overwhelming majority in favor of offering the Crown to Prince Charles of Denmark. (R.)

Christiania, November 13.

The plebiscite has proved favorable to the choice of Prince Charles of Denmark as King ( Havas)

KING GEORGE AT WINDSOR

London, November 13.

The King of Greece has arrived at Windsor.

KING ALFONSO IN VIENNA.

Vienna, November 13.

King Alfonso has received a sympathetic welcome.  (Havas

STRIKE IN FRANCE.

Paris, November 13.

The workmen in the arsenals at Cherbourg, Brest, Lorient, Rochefort, and Toulon have decided on a general strike for tomorrow. ( H.)

THE LATE SHEIKH EL RAFEI.

Sheikh Rasheed El Rafei, son of the late Grand Mufti, has requested the president  of Al Azhar to allow a ceremony to be held in memory of his father, Sheikh Abd-el Kader His request has been complied with and the ceremony will take place next Friday at Al Azhar, where the ulema, mujawireen, and other attendants will read verses of the Koran for the repose of the soul of Sheikh El Rafei.

SUNDAY CLOSING.

An agitation is taking place in Cairo in favor of Sunday closing. The majority of the most respectable establishments in the Capital have fallen in with the movement, but there are one or two which are prevented from doing so by the action of a native recalcitrant, who obstinately refuses.

A demonstration of employes took place in the Esbekieh quarter last  Sunday, but was not attended by any untoward incident, thanks to wise counsels having prevailed. Mansfield Pasha, Commandant of the Cairo Police, himself proceeded to the spot and asked the organisers to remain calm, promising to do what be could to obtain the general closing of shops next Sunday.
LOCAL AND GENERAL

Alhambra Theatre.

Charleys Aunt is to be played by the French comedy company at the Alhambra this evening. Dog Regulations.

The new regulations concerning dogs in Cairo will be applicable as from December 1 next.

No Executions.

A petition has been made to the Government praying it to stop all. executions in Egypt during the month of Ramadan.

Stray Dogs.

Stray and ownerless dogs found in the Shoubra district of Cairo during the night of the 15th inst. will be poisoned by the police. New Doctors.

M.M. Joseph D. Stamatopoulo, Alciviades J. Melanides, Soliman Azmy, Osman Selim, and Mikhail Awad Menkarious, physicians, have been authorised to practise in Egypt.

Cairo Scientific Society.

A meeting of the society will take place at the School of Medicine on Saturday, 18 h inst., at 4.30 p.m. Mr. P. S Barlow will read a paper regarding "Osmotic Experiments on Solutions of Alcohol.’’

New Police School.

The new Police School in Cairo will be inaugurated next January at Abbassieh, near the Italian Hospital. This school, which will cost about £100,000, will have accommodation for 600 students.

A Thief Killed.

A thief was in the act of stealing sugar cane at El Fashn on Sunday, when he was observed by some ghaffirs. Thinking to frighten away the ghaffirs be fired at them, bat they retaliated, and the thief was killed.

Stock Exchange.

A new English Stock Exchange firm has just been founded at Alexandria. Messrs. Gordon, Lawson & Co, have opened an office at 4, Adib street, as stock share and bill brokers. We wish the new firm every success. Quarantine Board.

Miss Forster, doctoress at the Suez quarantine office, is to be transferred, as from December 1 next, to the office at Alexandria, in succession to Miss Amos, transferred to the Ministry of Public Instruction. Miss Grace Russell has been appointed doctoress at the Suez office in place of Miss Forster.

A. L. M. & D. S.

We are requested to remind members of the Alexandria Literary, Musical and Dramatic Society of the general meeting to be held at H. B. M.'s Consulate to-morrow evening. The society's season, we believe, begins scon, and arrangements are being made to have a long series of entertainments and lectures. Details will be announced at the meeting.

Murder of a Nephew.

Owing to his being on bad terms with his brother, Ibrahim El Shami, a resident of Zagazig, recently betook himself to the latter’s house, murdered bis nephew, and stabbed a neighbour who endeavour to save the boy’s life, causing him serious injuries. The markaz authorities appeared on the scene shortly afterwards and arrested the murderer. In examination, Ibrahim confessed his crime, stating that be bad committed the murder only to annoy bis brother!

Commercial Bureau.

We draw the particular attention of our Cairo readers to an important notice appearing on page 5 of this issue Mr. P. Black, who has long resided in this country, is in a unique position to introduce British commercial travellers to the best business houses in Cairo It will be Been from his advertisement that be requests merchants, traders, and others, desirous of doing business with purely British firms, to Fend him their names, addresses, etc. From what we can see of this new departure in introducing business to Cairo, we consider it is one of great utility, not only to the home manufacturers, but to all merchants in Cairo trading with British manufacturers. We wish Mr. Black every success in his new undertaking.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.

H.H. Prince Leopold of Battenberg is expected to arrive at Port Said on Thursday next

Sir Augustus Hemming, G C.M.G., Lady Hemming, and Miss Hemming have arrived in Cairo tor the winter and are at the Hotel d’Angleterre.

Mr. Claude Lowther, M.P., has been advised by his doctor to go abroad for the winter or account of bis health. He will leave Scaleby Castle at the end of this month, and come to Egypt for about ten weeks.

Commander Booty, of H M.S. Bulwark, is expected at the Carlton Hotel on the 18th inst He is due to arrive here by the S.S.Menes.

Colonel Chapman and family and Major Downing and family are doe here by the troopship Assaye  next Monday, and are to stay at the Carlton.

Mr. A.J. Michaelides, the well known gentleman jockey, left Sidi Gaber to-day with his family for Helouan, to pass the winter season there.
ALEXANDRIA'S DRAINAGE.

WORK OF COLLECTOR-GENERAL.

The question of the drainage of Alexandria has been discussed for years past, and even up to a short time back there were still some who believed that the new oollector-general would by no means perform all that it was to undertake. But yesterday a very interesting visit was paid by Mr. Ambroise Ralli,Vice-President, Mr. Chataway, Administrator, Dr. Gottsclicb, and of her members of the administration of the Alexandria Municipality, to see the results of the recent t severe test to which the collector-general  has been put.

During the last week the Alexandria Water Company has been cleaning out its settling basins at the waterworks. This running off of a huge quantity of water into the main drain (the eastern and the general collector) of the city means that about 2,000 lota of mud collected since six months must have passed through the drain. The question was whether the collector would be able to take away this residue of mud or whether there would be a considerable deposit. The test was acknowledged by capable engineering specialists to be one of, the utmost severity to apply to a drain, but we arc glad  to announce that the collector stood the test excellently well, and that the result of yesterday’s inspection was in every respect extremely satisfactory. There was no siiting up of the drain by the mud, and the current at the end of the main outlet was quite strong. As regards the fecal matter, this, it would appear, becomes dissolved on its way through the drain owing to the action of salt water.

It will probably be remembered that when the main drain in Sistera-street was drained for the time being during the course of the recent work into the Eastern Harbour there was a most noisome odour, and the water in the neighborhood of the outlet was so polluted that it became quite a dark colour. But now  the outlet of the collector is at Silsileh and there is practically no pollution nor disagreeable smell. This confirms the views of Hobrecht, who held that the collector would act as a septic tank,owing to there being such a large volume of sea water in the collector general. If this continues when other drains are run into the collector general, the faecal and  other matter carried away will be automatically disinfected,and the collector general will to of immense benefit to the city.

DEADLOCK IN THE PORT.

Owing to the great block in the port of Alexandria and the increasing want of accommodation for ships, vessels are having to undergo considerable detention in getting their cargoes discharged, and the Customs authorities frequently stop the work of the steamers owing to want of space for dealing with the goods.	

COAL CARGO ON FIRE.

Yesterday the S.S Westburn (Captain Bell), of the Weathall Line, of Sunderland, arrived at Alexandria from Barry Dock with a portion

of her cargo on fire.

She has a cargo of South Wales coal consigned to the firm of Rolo of Alexandria. On the 2nd November it was noticed that something was wrong with the cargo when the ship was off the Portuguese coast. Smoke was issuing from  the ventilator, but the fire was kept under. The fire originated in No. 2 hold, where the small coal part of the cargo is stored, and it oontinued to smoulder all the voyage.

The damage is not supposed to be very

serious, but nothing is as yet ascertained. Neither the ship nor the cargo was insured.

RABIES IN ALEXANDRIA.

Another case of rabies has been discovered at Alexandria. Yesterday afternoon a mad dog seriously mauled a person in the Moharrem Bey quarter. It is to be hoped that the Municipal authorities will exercise the powers given to them by the Government in seeing that the public comply with the muzzling regulations, which are on the eve of being put into execution.

PUBLIC WORKS CONTRACTS.

The following contracts have been given out in connection with the winter cleaning out of canals in the Behera province : -

Markez :	L.E.

Abon-Hommos...	Mohamed 	Mahallawi 8,750

Hoche Issa			2,510

Rosetta	 Assad Hanna 	 1,765

Khatatbeh 	 	176

Damanhour	 Attis El Sayed	 6,525

Teh El Baroud...		3,975

Chibrikbit 	 James Kyan and Ahmed

Chawki 	 2.120

Kom Hamada .. Mustapha Nayal and Ibr.

Tahan	 3695

Kafr E1 Dawar...	Nagnib Madi 	 1,800

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.

The S.S. Spartan Prince, with passengers and general cargo, left Manchester on Sunday and is due to arrive at Alexandria, via Tunis and Malta, on or about 27th inst.

The Moss liner Tabor arrived this morning from Liverpool, via Gibraltar and Malta, with passengers, mails, and general cargo.
THE SUCRERIES CRASH. 

POUTREL v. DAVEY.

To-day the action for damages brought by M. Pontrel against the Hon. A. Davey was beard before the second Civil Chamber of the Cairo Mixed Courts. The Hon. A. Davey was represented by Maitre Carton de Wiart and M. Poutrel by Maitre Pangolo, late counsel for the Sucreries; Judge Hersbruch presided. Maitre Pangalo opened the case for the plaintiff shortly before 11 a.m. with a long speech which lasted over half-an-hour. His argument was that the evidence went to prove that the Hon. A. J. Davey was in reality au courant from the beginning with state of affairs, and that bis dismissal of M. Poutrel was actuated by an unworthy desire to fix the responsibility for what had occurred on others. In the course of bis pleading counsel for plaintiff enlarged on the letter written by the Hon. A. J. Davey to his colleague, and mentioning Sir Ernest Cassel, among others, which has already been published.

Maitre Carton de Wiart prefaced his defence by a demand as to whether Maitre Pangolo had seen the original letter, or a copy of the same, and after a little passage of arms between counsel Maitre Carton de Wiart caused some sensation by stating that the letter in question had either been stolen from the Hon. A. J. Davey’s private copybook or burglariously abstracted from the safe of the Sucreries Company. He then stated that M. Poutrel, in bringing an action against the Hon. A. J. Davey for wrongful dismissal, did not appear to realise that the latter had acted not in his private capacity, but as one of the directors, after a meeting of the board of directors bad authorised him to dismiss M. Poutrel or to accept bis resignation should he offer it.

Maitre Pangolo objected that this part of Maitre Carton de Wiart's defence had not been communicated to him, and therefore appealed to the Court for an adjournment of the bearing for one week.

The appeal was granted, and the case will again come before the Court on the 21st inst

It is considered very probable that the hearing of the third report of the experts, MM. Fourneron and Sampaolo, re the sugar factories, will have to be postponed till about the 23rd inst, as the experts will be unable to complete their report in time for the hearing of the 16th.

A contemporary remarks :—

Disons à propos des Sucreries, qu’il est regrettable qu’une partie de la presse locale ait era devoir influencer l’opinion publique par des commentaires déplacés et de prétendues revelations, qui, en tous cas, auraient dû être réservées aux debats.

Lorsque la crise que traverse maintenant l’industrie sucriére aura ete surmontee, on comprendra qu’il a ete pratique de confier les principaux interets a une seule personne, afin de la mettre a meme de les concilier dans une juste mesure.

THE KHEDIVE.

H.H. the Khedive is expected to return to Koubbeh Palace from Montazah on Tuesday next, and will be at Abdeen Palace on Saturday.

THE RUSSIAN MASSACRES.

The international committee for the relief of the sufferers from the recent anti-Semitio disturbances in Russia, which has been oonstituted in Cairo under the presidency of H H. Prince Djemil Toussoun, met on Sunday and decided to appeal to the charity of the European colonies in Egypt and to the Coptic and Moslem population to aid the victims without distinction of religion or race. The sum collected will be forwarded to the London Committee through the British Consulate at Cairo, and will be distributed by it among all those who are in the greatest need of immediate help. Thus far the sum of P.T, 74,950 has been collected.

NEW ASSIZE COURTS.

We hear that new Assize Courts will be open from the beginning of the next financial year. One will sit at Assiont the other at Beni Souef and Keneh alternatel

EGYPTIAN ARMY.

The following appears in the War Office Gazette:—

H. H. the Khedive has been moat graciously pleased to approve of the following promotions. To date 5 11-05:-Local Kaimakam E. C. Midwinter Bey, D.S.O., Assistant Director of Sudan Railways, to be Kaimakam ; El Bimbashi R. J. Done, Assistant Director of Work; to be local Kaimakam ; B1 Bimbashi M. E. Sowerby, Sudan Railways, to be local Kaimakam.

El Lewa Lord E. H. Cecil Pasha, D.S.O., on taking up a new appointment under the Egyptian Government as an Under Secretary of State to the Ministry of Finance, is struck off the strength of the Egyptian Army, from 4-11-05.

El Lewa Ismail Pasha Sirhank, to be Under Secretary of State for War, in addition to his present duties, from 4-11-05.

Miralai Hamid Bey Mukhtar, Recruiting Department, Miralai Radwan Bey Shukry. commanding the 8th Battalion, and Kaimakam  Mohamed Bey Ramsi, Stores Department, have retired on pension.
THE PILGRIMAGE

TRANSPORT ARRANGEMENTS.

We give below the text of a circular issued by the Ministry of the Interior relative to the pilgrimage of 1905 6. This document states that the Ministry would like to see every would-be pilgrim before leaving his moudirieh fully aware of the name of the steamer by which he was going to sail from Suez to Jeddah and the exact date of departure. As it is not certain whether this certainty can be assured, it has been decided to try the experiment for this season with pilgrims from the Kalioubieh and Assiont Moudirieha only. Accordingly, the S.S. Keneh,which leaves Suez on the 4th January, will be reserved exclusively for pilgrims from the Assiont Mondirieh, and tbe S. S. Missir, on her voyage, commencing January 8, will similarly be reserved for the Kalioubieh Hagis. Pilgrims are urged to delay for as short a time as possible at Suez, and not to wait till the last moment before leaving their moudiriahs.

The following steamers will be employed for the Egyptian pilgrim traffic this season and will leave on the following dates

S.S.	Gharbieh Dec. 2, 16, and 30, Jan. 11 and 23.

8.8.	Rahmanieh Dec. 4 and 18, Jan. 1, 14, 

and 26.	

S. S. Missir Dec. 11, Jan. 8.

8.8.	Fayoum Dec. Hand 23, Jan. 6 and 19.

8.8.	Mariout Dec. 21, Jan. 2, 15 and 27.

S.S.	Neghileh Dec. 25, Jan. 22.

8.8.	Minieh Dec. 28, Jan. 9 and 20.

S.S.	Menzaleh Dec. 31, Jan. 13 and 25.

8.8.	Keneh Jan. 4, 18 and 29.

There will thus be 31 sailings between and including December 2, 1905, and January 29, 1906, and the steamers engaged will be able to transport a total of 2 2,977 Hagis to the Holy Places of Islam in their various voyages.

The following is the circular referred to :-
Vous trouverez ci-dessous la liste des bateaux destinés à faire cette année le service da transport des pèlerins entre Suez et Djeddah avec les dates auxquelles ces bateaux doivent quitter Suez et le nombre de personnes que chacun d’eux peut embarquer.

Le Ministère aurait désiré que chaque personne se proposant départir pour le Hedjes pût savoir, avant même de quitter sa Moudirieh, le nom du  bateau sur lequel elle doit s’embarquer et la date à laquelle ce bateau quittera Suez ;— et que ces indications fussent portées sur le billet délivré an pèlerin par les agents de la Compagnie dans les Moudiriehs.

Mais comme cette mesure demande dans les mouvements des pèlerins une exactitude qu’on n’est pas certain de pouvoir obtenir, il a été décidé de l’appliquer cette année, à titre dersai, dans deux Moudiviehs seulement Les deux Moudiriehs qui ont été choisies pour cet es ai sont celles de Kalionbieh et d’Assiont.

En conséquence, le bateau Keneh quittant Suez le 4 Janvier 1906 et pouvant embarquer 800 personnes sera spécialement réservé aux pèlerins de la Moudirieh d’Assiout et jusqu'a concurrence de 800 personnes — et le bateau Missir pouvant embarquer 532 personnes et quittant Suez le 8 Janvier 1906 sera spéciale ment réservé aux Pèlerins de la Moudirieh de Kalionbieh jusqu’à concurrence de 582 personnes — 11 est dono possible qu’il n’y ait pas de places disponibles pour les pèlerins des autres Moudiriehs aux dates précitées des 4 et 8 Janvier.

Vous devez recommander à vos administrés dans leur propre intérêt de ne pas attendre les derniers jours pour se rendre à Suez et une fois à Suez d’y séjourner le moins longtemps possible, de manière à éviter l’encombrement des derniers jours et les peines et les fatigues qui en résulteraient certainement pour eux.

Vous êtes prié de donner la plus large publicité possible à ce tableau des bateaux se rendant au Hedjsz et de vous conformer à ce qui précède.
THE FUNERAL OF ME. MOLTENI.

Yesterday afternoon the funeral of the late Me. Molteni took place at Cairo. The funeral cortege left 19, Telephone-street, the house of M. Guido Moroni, where Me. Molteni died, at 3 p.m., for St. Joseph’s Church, Ismailis, where the funeral service took place. Many of the friends of the late Me. Molteni were present at the sad ceremony, after which the coffin was removed to the Bab el Hadid station for transportation to Italy.

Yesterday morning, during the audience before the Cairo Mixed Civil Court, Me. Prunieres, the president of the Court, made a brief address to the members of the Bar, in which be expressed his grief at the sadden death of Me. Molteni, and eulogised the brilliant abilities and unflagging industry of the deceased. Me. Carton de Wiart then thanked the president in the name of the Bar, recalling the professional abilities of the deceased, and pointing out that though as a member of the Contentienx Me. Molteni had technically ceased to be reckoned among the members of the Egyptian Bar, the latter body had always regarded the deceased and his colleagues as their confreres. He also praised the professional merits of the deceased and offered his widow the sincere sympathy of the whole judicial body. The Tribunal then rose for a short time at the invitation of the president as a testimony of its respect for the memory of Me. Molteni.

Nothing has yet been decided as to who will succeed the late Substitut du Contentieux. Among the names of possible successors mentioned is that of M. Emos, judge of the Cairo Native Tribunal. If this be confirmed, it is  possible that a substitut adjoint may be appointed from among the younger members of the Cairo Bar.
 SPORT AND PLAY.

BRITISH RIFLE CLUB (ALEX.)

	Fourteen members competed last Saturday

for the four silver match-boxes presented by Mr. Dickson, the principal scores being  given below. The wind light during the early past of the afternoon, but became tricky towards the close, when the light was not of the beat, owing to the clouds and the lateness of the hour.

After the shooting the prizes won during the season were distributed at Mr. Dickson’s house, and the club take this opportunity to thank Mrs. Dickson for her hospitality.

Practice on Saturday next will commence at 500 yards, so as to take advantage of the light, at the usual hour, 2:30 p.m.

200 too 	WiMBtt

7*«. jr<u. yd*. Aggngtu afprtM (or

W. Lucas 33	80	80	98

A.C. Rofe 81	27	24	82

P. 8chilitzi 28	33	21	82	500	yards,

H.Waddington 32	30	17	79	200

W. B. Carlisle 25	25	28	78	600

A 0. Williams 22 30 26	78

G. D. Lovell 24	27	16	77

D Allen 25	26	26	77

C. Robertson 27	2/	23	77

L F. Radcliffe 26	26	25	76

L H. Rickards ! 8	21	27	66

	

FOOTBALL.	

 ST. ANDREW’S v. R. BERKS. DETAILS.

Played on Saturday on the ground of the former, before a good torn-out of Spectators. The game started promptly and the opening exchanges gave promise of some good play by both sides. The visitors were early aggressive, but Hopkins and Davis were quite equal to the attack. The Saints transferred the play to the other end and from a pass by Cowie, Lark heat Doyle, but off side was given and the point nullified. Later Keen had a nice opening, but shot high over the bar. The visitors again took up the running, and through a miskick by Hopkins, Daiai got in and beat Mitchell with a low raking shot which gave the home custodian no chance to save. From the kickoff the visitors again got away, and Crosswell spoiled a good opening by shooting past The homesters were soon again in the vicinity of Doyle and a miskick by one of the visiting backs let MoCron well away, but Stannard intercepted. Lark got possession and pat across to Tulloch, who shot over. Play was again transferred, and from a corner kick, well placed by Maynard, Fowler headed a beautiful goal, thus placing his side two up. Half-time arrived with the score unchanged.

The Saints re-arranged their front line at the restart, Cowie going in centre and McCron inside left. The change looked like having the desired effect, for again the homesters pressed, but their efforts to score were fruitless. Bright now came forward to partner Lark, and some good wing play ensued, Lark in particular playing very prettily. The visitors’ backs had now got quite settled down and let little pan them, so that Doyle was not very severely tested, although McCron looked well set for getting through the defence when be unfortunately came a cropper, McCormack clearing without difficulty. The visitors’ right now made tracks toward Mitchell, and he was called upon to handle twice in rapid succession, hat a proper clearance could not be effected, and Crosswell scored number three from close in, Mitchell again having no chance to save. The Saints tried hard to notch a point, hot the forwards failed at goal. They don’t seem yet to have found their shooting boots. It has to be  aid though that they are now a much improved lot, and it was hard luck that they did not at least get one point The visitors played several of the "Dubs” in their team, their skipper having been unable to get together a team composed exclusively of Berks. They played a steady and  gentlemanly game throughout and quite deserved the win. The following were the teams : —

Details Berks F. C.— Doyle. McCormack, Stannard, Stogce, Shea, Ferris, Maynard, Bradburg, Crosswell Daiai and Fowler. 

St Andrew's P. C. — Mitchell, Hopkins, Davis, Mace, Appleby, Bright Lark, Keen, McCror, Cowie and Tulloch. Referee :—R M. Sgt Saunders.

	BOULAC FOOTBALL.

 The meeting of the home team and tbs Band of the Inniskilling Fusiliers proved to be  a big attraction at Boulac,and the huge number of spectators present had the satisfaction of witnessing a fire exposition of the game. Boulac won the toss and defended Embabeh end. From the kick-off, Boulac took up the attacking, and but for the incidental retaliations made by the visitors, kept it up all through the first half. The first goal of the  match was secured by Esan off a corner kick, about 15 minutes from the start, but the visitors soon equalised by a penalty goal, a few minutes after. At the change-over the score stood at 1-all. In the second half the dash and determination of both teams for supremacy kept the crowd on the tip-toe of excitement When well into the second half, Hayes registered the home team’s second goal from a beautiful centre by Simmonds. The band tried bard to put matters. but the home defence prevailed and were left the winners by 2 to 1. Mr. Allport was referee.

JOSEPH COMAS,

U V’^TECHNICAL ENGINEtR Surveyor and Contractor to shipping. Takes charge of Engines and Boilers. Undertakes repairs of same, guaranteeing auoeMa. Firs) class refsTODcrs. Address: Rux EL Wamha, Mahoi Gabuxl, ALEXANDRIA.

urn-mi
