THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16 1905
THE RUSSIAN CRISIS.

ANOTHER GENERAL STRIKE. CRITICAL SITUATION. BOTH CAPITALS CUT OFF.

FOREIGN RESIDENTS LEAVING.

( Gazette's Special Service ). 

London, November 16.

Private advices received from St Petersburg portray a gloomier position than is shown by the press reports. 90,000 workmen are already on strike. British and other foreign residents are leaving the Capital.

A private telegram received at Alexandria this morning announces that the Russian Government has notified the Powers that all foreigners should be withdrawn,as the Russian authorities are powerless to protect them.

St. Petersburg, November 15.

The council of workmen’s delegates has decided upon another general strike to day, owing to the employers having refused the eight-hoars’ work proposal, but it is intimated that the real object of the strike is largely political. The situation is critical.	(Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, November 15.

M. Witte’s Polish proclamation is almost universally condemned throughout Russia. It is pointed out that a timely concession in Finland appeased that country.

The council of workmen’s delegates declared a general strike, beginning at noon, in sympathy with the revolutionists at Kronstadt and in Poland. The strike began punctually in all the great works, and on all the railways radiating from this city, except the line to Moscow. Both capitals are cot off from the rest of Europe. The strike is rapidly becoming general. Fifteen high officials met at M. Witte’s to discuss the proclamation of martial law here.	(Reuter)

Warsaw, November 15.

The police has begun to arrest the prominent Polish leaders.	(Reuter)

St. Petersburg, November 15.

The strike has been resumed in many of the works.	(Havas)

MUTINY AT VLADIVOSTOK.

TOWN IN FLAMES.

St. Petersburg, November 15.

It is reported here that a mutiny has broken out at Vladivostok. Fierce fighting has taken place between the rioters and the loyalists, soldiers and sailors taking part on either side. A great part of the town is in flames. The mutiny was finally suppressed after a state of war had been declared.	(Reuter)

Vladivostok, November 15.

The mutiny here was due to the discontent of soldiers not sent home.

300 rioters, principally soldiers and sailors, were killed or wounded during the first day of the outbreak.	(Reuter)

Vladivostok, November 15.

The Reservists, who are demanding disbandment, have pillaged the town.	(Havas)

GREAT BRITAIN AND GREECE. THE KING’S TOAST.

London, November 15.

At a banquet at Windsor King Edward, in proposing the toast of his health, said that he was glad to receive King George, who had ruled so successfully that Greece was now in a most flourishing condition. The study of the glorious language and history of Ancient Greece in no wise diminishes our sympathy and friendship with the Greece of to-day.	(Reuter)

London, November 15.

The visit of the King of Greece to the City and the lunch at the Guildhall were marked by a hearty popular welcome to the Queen’s brother.	(Reuter)

ANOTHER BOMB EXPLOSION IN STAMBOUL.

Constantinople, November 15.

A bomb was thrown at Pera into the carriage of Fehmy Pasha, Chief of the Palace Police, who was unhurt The damage is slight Three Armenians have been arrested on suspicion.

(Reuter)

Constantinople, November 15.

A bomb exploded in the main street of Pera behind the carriage of Fehmy Pasha, but did not injure anybody.	(Havas

INVENTOR OF TORPEDO DEAD.

London, November 15.

Mr. J. Whitehead, the torpedo inventor, is dead.	(Reuter)

H M.S. ASSISTANCE REFLOATED

Tangier, November 15.

H.M.S. Assistance has been refloated. (R.)
LOCAL AND GENERAL

Beau Rivage.

The Beau-Rivage Hotel, Ramleh, closed its doors for the season yesterday.

Stray Dogs.

Stray and ownerless dogs found in the Khalifa district of Cairo daring the night of Friday will be poisoned by the police.

The Pilgrimage.

Up to date 23,977 pilgrims have asked for passports for the pilgrimage to the Holy Places.

Slave Emancipation.

The Repression of the Slave Trade Department during the last month gave manumission papers to fourteen Sudanese slaves.

Aboukir Company.

Mr. S. Gurney Sheppard has been elected a director of the Aboukir Co. (Ltd.), in place of Mr. Samuel G. Sheppard, deceased.

Egyptian Army.

The competition for H.E. the Sirdar’s Prize will take place on Tuesday. 5th December, 1905, on the Abbassieh Rifle Range.

A Change of Religion.

A great sensation has been aroused at Mellawi by the conversion of the headmaster of the Coptic School there to Islam.

Ports and Lighthouses Administration.

The tender submitted by Messrs. Suzzarini and Stienon on the 31st October. 1905; has been accepted for the supply of 3,000 sq. m. of paving stones.

Mixed Appeal Court.

Basili Pasha Tadros has been appointed honorary president of the Mixed Appeal Court. The appointment will be officially confirmed at the next Council of Minister.

Suez Canal.

On the 12th inst. 13 vessels passed through the Canal, 8 of which were British, 9 German, 2 Austrian, 1 Turkish. The total receipts from the 1st to the 12th inst. were frs. 4,045,331.80,

Rosetta Municipality.

It is announced that the Finance Ministry will contribute L.E. 300 per annum to the expenses of the Municipality which is to be instituted at Rosetta.

German Excavations.

Dr. Rubinson, the well known German Egyptologist, who vi. its Egypt every winter, will conduct some excavations this winter at Ashmouneen and Elephantine on behalf of the Berlin Museum.

Sudan Mines.

Application has been made to the Stock Exchange committee to appoint a special settling day in Sudan Mines, Limited - 40 000 Vendors’ shares of £1 each, folly paid (Nos. 20,001 to 60,000).

Cairo Tramways.

As the Public Works Department has decided to asphalt Fagallah street, the Abbassieh trams will follow the route Ataba el Khadra, Mohamed Ali street, Mousky, and Daher from January 1, 1906, till the completion of the asphalting of the above-mentioned street.

Electric Wire Falls.

A Syrian, while crossing Fagallah-street, Cairo, at 7.15 p.m., on Tuesday, was struck bv a falling overhead wire and tell insensible. Immediate aid was rendered and it is hoped that he will be saved. Is it quite impossible for guard wires to be provided ? Kuttabs.

The native notables throughout the provinces are showing a praiseworthy keenness in the foundation of new kuttabs. At a meeting of the notables of Shebrakhit it was decided to found 21 kuttabs. At a meeting of the Menoufieh notables it was agreed to make a bequest of 200 feddans for the upkeep of the kuttabs recently created.

Coastguard Administration,

Mr. Pascal Bavastro, of the Coastguards Central Bureau, has retired from the service of the Egyptian Government, which he entered in May, 1888. Since then he has been chief cashier, private secretary, and chief of the European Bureau, and his valuable services will be greatly missed. He received the Medjidieh in 1901.

A Sad Case.

A young woman of the name of Lettohorn was tried at the Native Assize Court, Cairo, on Tuesday last for having caused the death of her new-born child. The young woman was seduced by her lover, who, on learning that she was about to become a mother, abandoned her. The Court, in considering the extenuating circumstances of the cases, sentenced her to two years’ imprisonment.

Amateur Theatricals in Cairo.

Our readers will remember the success that the amateur performance of The Pirates of Penzance met with last season at the Khedivial Opera House, Cairo. We are now informed that a committee is about to be formed to take up the question of staging some comic opera in Cairo for the coming season, the proceeds of which will be distributed among the chief English and American charities.

A. L. M. & D. S.

The Alexandria Literary, Musical and Dramatic Society’s season will commence on Monday, December 4, when a lecture will be given on “The Desert of 8inai” by Dr. Marc Armand Ruffer, M.A., M D., C.M.G., president of the Quarantine Board. The lecture will be illustrated by some 50 or 60 lantern slides. It will be remembered that Dr. Ruffer visited the Sinaitio Desert last spring, spending some time in studying the country and taking photographs.
THE SUCRERIES AFFAIR.

PROPOSED ARRANGEMENT.

The following proposals will be submitted to the creditors of the Sucreries Company at the meeting to be held at 3 p.m. to-day.

1.	All creditors other than employes, depositors, purveyors, and holders of obligations and Cronier bills are to abandon 20 per oent of their credit and accept in lieu thereof privileged shares bearing 5 per cent interest.

2.	That 800,000 bands are to be issued on mortgage and are to be employed to buy out the shares of the Daira Sugar Corporation, the surplus to form a working fund for the company.

3.	The Daira Sugar Corporation renounces 1 per cent, of the annual interest, being the difference between the interest on the present shares and that on the shares to be issued to them on payment.

4.	As tor the shareholders, they are to receive one new share for each three original shares which they hold.

Further details as to the arrangement should be made public this afternoon.

EGYPT’S TRADE.

OCTOBER RETURNS.

The Customs returns for last month are very satisfactory, and both the imports and exports show satisfactory  increases on the returns for the previous October. The imports amounted to L.E. 2,504,550 and the exports to LB 1,939,074, being increases respectively of L.E. 381,221 and LE. 128,508 on the returns for the corresponding month last year. The imports for the ten months op to the 31st alt were

L.E. 17 221,409, a surplus of LE 1,527,700 on the figures for the same period in 19 4,and the exports amounted to LE. 14,817.247, a decrease of L.E. 717,738 on the figures for 1904.

AN EGYPTIAN PRINCESS’S FLIGHT.

According to news just received from Constantinople an Egyptian Princess who used to reside every summer in one of the Prince’s Islands in the sea of Marmara, has suddenly disappeared without a word of warning. It is stated that matrimonial troubles are at the bottom of the matter and that a divorce wilt ensue.

ROBBERY AT MENOUF.

The Ministry of the Interior reports that

M.	Carthalis, a Greek merchant of Alexandria, recently complained that his agent, who bad taken from the post office at Menouf the sum of LE. 1,000 destined for the Ghamamieh ginning factory, was attacked on the way to the factory by Arabs who robbed him of all the money.

The enquiries made by the moudirieh authorities resulted in the discovery of the bag which had contained the LB 1,000, and still contained L.E 893, under the threshold of the sister of one of the members of the gang. During the enquiry the brother, who had been arrested, admitted his participation in the theft and revealed the place where he had bidden L E. 77. The remaining L E. 30 had been spent by the culprits, all of whom have been arrested. They are six in number ; four have confessed and denounced the other two. We wonder how ?

THE FATAL PIT.

A native of Karnak, near Luxor, had reason to believe that his house was built over an ancient tomb or some old building, wherein a great treasure was awaiting discovery. He dug a huge pit and succeeded in coming upon an old door, which after some trouble he managed to get open. He entered, but never came out alive. His wife became alarmed at her husband's long absence and at last took a lamp and made her way down the excavation to the dorr. She likewise did not come back. The son and daughter then went in search of their father and mother* and they also disappeared. A native of the same village, finding the house deserted, determined also to go down, and on getting to the door became asphyxiated. The omdeh got to hear of this fatal pit and informed the markez authorities. The bodies of the man and his wife and two children were discovered just inside the door, they evidently having been suffocated by the  foul air. The story is told by our vernacular contemporary “A1 Moayad ”

THE BOURSE LANE

To The Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.

Sir,—Tho block in Bourae-lane is increasing, and every day this convenient and moat central thoroughfare is becoming more and more eneumbered. The latest addition to the lane is an elaborate bar for the sale of syrups, etc, which takes op a great deal of room. Has the Municipality any right to grant reksas for the occupation of the thoroughfare, to the great inconvenience of the public ?—I am, etc

In A. Hurry.

Alexandria, Nov. 16.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.

The Moss liner Menes sailed from Malta yesterday afternoon and is due here on Saturday next with passengers, mails and general cargo.

The S.S. Orestes (Westcott and Laurence Lire) left Malta to day and is doe here on the 19th inst, with general cargo from Antwerp and London,
SALT AND SODA CO.

THE MONOPOLY—A DIVIDEND.

It is stated that the directors of the Salt and Soda Company have come to an arrangement with the Government The company, as a solatium for the abolition of the monopoly. will be granted the concession for six years of all the salt-pits in Egypt.

The board of directors of the company has decided to distribute a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. for all shares.

THE DESERT CAMP, HELOUAN.

Our readers are doubtless aware of the existence of the many open-air institutions in England and on the Continent, it being claimed, with no small degree of reason, that living and Bleeping in the open air is conducive to regaining and maintaining the best conditions of health. Believing, as we do,the correctness of these principles, we are pleased to bo able to announce that an open-air camp on the most up-to-date lines has been erected in the desert at Helouan. The camp has been pitched to the north of the town, adjoining the golf links and race-course, and forms from its delightfully open position and structure an ideal spot for those who may come to Egypt for health sake daring the present winter.

The camp consists of single rooms and a sitting-room combined with sheltered verandahs, eta, comfortably furnished, open at the same time on all Bides to the desert and fitted with every convenience. The whole is lighted by electric light and the hygienic arrangements are on English lines.

There are two golf links (10 and 12 holes), tennis courts, cricket-ground, the miniature rifle range of the H S.C., eta, all within a stone’s throw of the camp. The camp is under the immediate personal supervision and direction of Dr. A. J. M. Bentley, and as only about 15 patients are received, special individual attention, which is so necessary to a successful result, is assured.

HONOR TO WHOM, &c.

To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.

Dear Sir.—Will yon allow me a little space for a word of praise for the prompt and energetic action of Yousbashi Waller and bis staff of firemen, in coping with a fire at Ibrahimieh yesterday ? At about 10.30 a.m. my wife telephoned to me in town that a fire had broken out, as I understood, at home, advising the fire station at the same time. My son and I drove straight out at once and found the house of Mr. Sabatelli, a building partly of lath and plaster and partly of wood, situated about eight yards from ours, in flames, and the Fire Brigade already at work. Not withstanding the light and inflammable nature of the building, after some two hoars of work the fire was extinguished, part of the house and of its contents being saved, and the fire prevented from spreading to the adjoining buildings.—Yours faithfully,

P. Schilizzi.

Ibrahimieh, Nov. 15.

THE COTTON MARKET.

Kearslby and Cunningham's Weekly Report.

Liverpool, November 9.

Egyptian Cotton has been in more extensive demand at advanced prices, the quotation of Brown being raised 1/4 per lb, except Fine, which is 3/15d. In Upper the supply is limited, Good Fair being 2/15d and Fully Good Fair 1/2d dearer; the higher qualities are unchanged.

In Futures a good business has been done, and the following are the closing values :

Nov. 8.19 Jan. 8.8 Mar. 8.6 May. 8,6

Dec. 7.12 Feb. 8.7 Apr. 8.6 June 8.7 July. &7

AMERICAN FUTURES. - The Market this week has displayed great activity, and prices have experienced a considerable advance, being at one time as much as 33 @ 35 points higher than those of last Thursday. This induced free liquidation, and prices had a sharp reaction, but to-day’s dosing values are only 3@ 5 points below the extreme rates touched. Bad Crop reports, with greatly reduced estimates of the yield, coupled with heavy purchases to  cover by the “Bears,’’ and well maintained manipulation by the “Bulls” and the withholding of the actual cotton in the South, are amongst the principal causes of this rapid advance, amounting to nearly Id per lb in the last three weeks. The Ginners’ report indicates. a far as one can judge, a yield of about 10 1/2 millions, but the Bureau Report of the Crop, i.e., the condition of the Crop which is to be issued to-morrow, is regarded with greater interest, and will have a very important and immediate  effect upon the course of prices. It is impossible to forecast it, but general sentiment is looking for higher prices. We are inclined to think that the serious condition of the Crop is being exaggerated, and that present values discount a great deal.

The following are the closing quotations:— Nov.	6.01 Feb./Mar. 6.12 Jnne/July 6.17

Nov./Dec. 6.01 Mar./Apr. 6.14 July/Ang. 6.19 Dec./Jan. 6.05 Apr./May 6.15 Aug/Sept. — Jan./Feb. 6.09 May/June 6.16

AMERICAN COTTON.

Messrs. Collinge Brothers, Liverpool, cable as follows Price hammering New York on increased crop estimates. Advise friends to have no interest for the moment.

Mr. Warton Collinge cables from New York as follows Market weak on increased crop estimates. Price cabling over the South. Expect serious break in cotton market-Personally I think liquidation over.
THE NEW BRITISH CLUB.

LAST NIGHTS MEETING.

A sufficient number of replies having been received to the provisional committee’s circular , to warrant the formation of the proposed new British Club at Alexandria, a general meeting of those who had signified their intention of joining was held at the Eastern Telegraph Company’s headquarters last night. About sixty gentlemen responded. Admiral Sir Massie Blomfield, R.N..K.C.M.G.,was voted to the chair, and addressed the meeting as fellows:

“The printed circulars sent to yon by the provisional committee will have sufficiently explained the object of our meeting this evening, and the response to these circulars assures ns that oar view as to the demand for a local British club at a low rate of annual subscription was not mistaken. Before proceeding to the business on the agenda, I should like to explain that the subscription was fixed at £ .10 0 per annum, because the committee understood that that is the highest rate within the means of all the members for whose benefit it is proposed to establish the club. This rate of subscription having been made the basis of our appeal to you for the formation of the club, cannot be increased except by a practical unanimous vote of those who have responded in the affirmative, until the club is properly constituted with a committee of management and established rules. As the present number of members at £1.10 per annum is not likely to produce a greater annual revenue than £300 per annum, whilst the annual donations cannot be counted on for more than £100 per annum —making £400 in all—the provisional committee can only recommend for your selection premises whose annual rental will not exceed £200. As regards the furnishing expenses guaranteed by us, the funds at present at the disposal of the committee, or promised,amount to £500. It is obvious that, under such conditions, the club most be started on an economical basis with modest pretensions ; but this need not discourage us in our belief and hope that the club will progress and prove a great boon to those for whose nee it is intended, by enabling them to enjoy one another's society, and become better acquainted, in a home of their own conducted by themselves on strict principles.’’

"We now come” (added the chairman)"to the first item of the agenda, the election of a committee of management, and we have great pleasure in telling you that the Earl of Cromer has done us the honor to accept the presidency of the olnb.” This announcement was received with applause. The meeting then proceeded to the election of two vice-presidents, and unanimously voted in favor of Sir Massie Blomfield and Mr. E. B. Gould, 1.S.0.

A discussion subsequently took place as to the name which the club should bear, and it was found to be the general feeling of the meeting that the club should be known simply as the British Club. This led to some talk regarding the definition of British, much of which was irrelevant, and finally it was agreed to leave the question as to the class of British subjects to be admitted to membership for the committee to decide.

Voting then took place for the members of the committee, the following eleven gentlemen being elected :	Messrs. J. Hughes, J.

McGregor, W. J. B. Webb, G. Morris, T. F. Donovan, W. P. Hughes, J E. Hewett, P. Leveaux, P. Corfield, J. Davies Bryan and Waddington.

This committee of eleven will, daring the first three years’ existence of the club, act in conjunction with the provisional committee, which has row formed itself into a finance committee. It was felt that this was necessary, on account of the latter's responsibility for the proper expenditure of the donation fund.

Plana and estimates were submitted of various premises in the town suitable for the headquarters of the club. It was stated that the club could not be properly housed at a less rental than £250 per annum, and the committee  therefore suggested that the annual subscription should be raised from P T. 150 to P.T. 250, as the former subscription was not considered sufficient to cover the estimated expenditure. A good deal of opposition was shown to this proposal, and it was therefore rejected in favor of a proposal of Mr. Chataway that the smaller sub cription should be given a trial for a year or two, when it would be seen whether it could be continued or other wise. As regards the club premises, the committee  were asked to come to an arrangement concerning suitable quarters in the centre of the city.

A vote of thanks to the chairman, and to Mr. Giles and the mess president of the ETC. for the use of the room, brought the proceedings to a close.

BAND PERFORMANCE.

By kind permission of Lient. Col. R. C. C. Cox, commanding, and officers 2nd Batt. Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, the Band will perform the following selection of music on the Terrace, Shepheard’s Hotel, on Saturday next from 4 to 6 p.m.

March- entry of the Gladiators-

Overture - juanita- suppe

Rojaiaa MMwrk»-L» Ocarina-G*»a* fUlcctioo—Talk of tha Town-air. Batfonl Va'aa - Bjmpathl# Tima—Gong'I Bon*-Tha Children'* Home-Ocwen 8#'a«k>o—Verooiqoa ¥•»*•*«

Hun tartan renew—Noa. I and s- Brahma RsctmseM March, KfcedMal Arnhem, Ood Sara the Kin*.

It Warn* Bunn,
SUEZ CANAL DETENTION.

LARGE COMPENSATION CLAIM.

The recent block in the Suez Canal caused by the sinking of the steamer ‘Chatham,” resulting in considerable delay to vessels using the waterway, is at present creating much controversy in shipping circles.

At the instigation of the Leith Shipowners’ Society, the different steamship associations throughout England have been circularised with a view to joint action against the canal company for detention damage, variously estimated at £80.000 to £100,000 What steps will finally be taken depends, of course, upon the nature of the replies received. The opinion is, however, general that compensation should be paid, although there is a disposition to regard the claims as among those which should first be referred to the protecting and indemnity associations, which, if necessary, could open op negotiations with the company. It is also thought by some that, whilst the agitation may possibly not result in redress for the recent detention, an arrangement might be arrived at in the event of future delay.

This is the first time since the canal was opened that it has been found necessary to blow up a wreck in the fairway, and it may easily be that another thirty-six years will elapse before a second disaster of the kind occurs ; but in the opinion of prominent shipowners, the company can hardly wait till then to apply the lesson. Seeing that over 18,000,0 0 tons gross of shipping pass through the canal every year, they think the time has arrived when the construction of an alternative channel should be seriously entertained.

Meanwhile it is interesting to note that, owing to the obstruction , the traffic receipts of the company for October show an appreciable diminution on the same month in 1904 and 1903, reducing the surplus acquired at the end of September by over a million  and a quarter francs. Three hundred and three vessels passed through the canal in October this year as compared with 880 in the corresponding month 1904, and 336 in October 1908, the receipts being 8,900,00fr., 10,270,000fr.t and 9,440,000fr. respectively.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL

Lord and Lady Waterford have been spending a few days in London at Claridge's Hotel preparing for their winter tour, and have now left London for Cairo. They will go on very shortly to British Bast Africa.

Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bacon have left for Egypt and are arriving by P. & O. steam at Port Said for Cairo in the early days of December. They will take op their residence as usual at Shepheard's Hotel

Shepheard’s Hotel is filling op rapidly. Already  200 guests are staying there. Last night several dinner parties were given there, among them a banquet of the officers of the  Rifle Brigade, covers being laid for 22. The  band of the regiment played during dinner.

Mr. Morgan had 11 guests, including Major and Mrs. Spong, Crookshank Pasha and Mrs. Crookshsank, Captain and Mrs. McLean, Mr. and Mrs. Hayter, Mr. and Mrs.  Stout, Major Davidson.

 Mr. E.V. Bird’s dahabieh Zemet el-Nil left Kasr-el-Nil for Luxor yesterday for a long trip up the Nile.

Count Ma z .i.i has returned to Cairo.

M. Thelier and a party of friends are leaving Cairo shortly for a trip on Messrs. Cook’s  private steam dahabieb Oonas.

 Dr. Leigh Canney has arrived in Cairo from  England and is staying at the Continental Hotel.		

 The branch of the Credit Lyonnais at Alexandria has lost another high employe in the  person of M. Beghian, a funde de ponvoirs of  the bank.

Dr. Naguib Khuri has been authorised to follow his profession in Egypt

CARLTON HOTEL,

MUMLIY (near Alexandria.)

RAMLEH'S FASHIONABLE HOTEL. patronusd by thb kjtb.

mu r«Mi»a firmt P.T. tftSor. VMten srum cur* alight at BiSI Umbmr atatten.

ft AOIIILINl. Proart**-.

JOSEPH COMAS.

TECHNICAL ENGINEER.

Surveyor and Contractor in shipping. Takes charge of Engines and Boilers. Underrakes repairs of same, guaranteeing "D0«£!- ^'r*J does references. Addreee: Ru» **• Wabsha, Mai son Gabriel, ALEXAND^^^jj^

BECK *; CO^E-SENeTIkB

tvibs HO HONEST COHfTTITiOH I0R QUALITY

IB. - Iiforior Brand* now bring oflbred to

Managers ofeert^a good cirefoa

iewSr* # Oeww tMt vary

SUPERIOR SRANDOF SEER*
